Release notes and highlights for 2.6.0 release. (#6264)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.6.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.6.0]]
== 2.6.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-260-new-and-notable"]
=== New and notable

New and notable changes in version 2.6.0 of {n}. Check <<release-notes-2.6.0>> for the full list of changes.

[float]

> [id="{p}-260-autoscaling-crd"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="{p}-260-stack-config-crd"]
```

==== Elastic Stack Configuration Policy: Consistently configure multiple Elasticsearch clusters

> A new Custom Resource `StackConfigPolicy` was added to allow one to declaratively configure multiple Elasticsearch clusters. Elastic Stack configuration policies allow you to configure the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new custom resource called `StackConfigPolicy` was added to allow users to declaratively configure multiple Elasticsearch clusters. Elastic Stack configuration policies allow you to configure the following settings:
```

> A new custom resource called `StackConfigPolicy` was added to allow users to declaratively configure multiple Elasticsearch clusters. Elastic Stack configuration policies allow you to configure the following settings:

Author: @thbkrkr I accepted this with a slight variation in the wording.  LMK what you think.

> A new custom resource called `StackConfigPolicy` was added to allow users to declaratively configure multiple Elasticsearch clusters. Elastic Stack configuration policies allow you to configure the following settings:

Reviewer 2: LGTM

- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/put-pipeline-api.html[Ingest pipelines]
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/ilm-put-lifecycle.html[Index Lifecycle Policies]
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/indices-put-template.html[Index templates]
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/indices-component-template.html[Components templates]
- link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/security-api-put-role-mapping.html[Role mappings]

Read our updated <<{p}-stack-config-policy, docs>> for more details.

[float]
[id="{p}-260-agent-fleet-helm-chart"]
==== Helm chart for Elastic Beats

We are adding a new Helm chart for workloads managed by the ECK operator. Elastic Beats are complementing the existing charts for Elasticsearch, Kibana, Agent and Fleet Agent. They can be used individually or as part of our existing Elastic Stack Helm chart. Get started by reading the  <<{p}-stack-helm-chart, docs>>.

[float]
[id="{p}-260-known-issues"]
=== Known issues

> - If a license for an Elasticsearch cluster expires before being replaced with an updated license the ECK Operator cannot automatically update the license. The underlying link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/6274[issue] is resolved in the following link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/pull/6278[pull request] and will be released in an upcoming release of the Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a license for an Elasticsearch cluster expires before being replaced with an updated license the ECK operator cannot automatically update the license. See the underlying link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/6274[issue] for a description of workarounds. A fix will be released in the next release of the operator.
```
